The first part of the styling system is the theming system, that they have set up for us.
There are a lot of benefits to the styling system that material ui uses, so we are going to go
over these as well.

The PALETTE: is a way to manage the colours used in the application, but material ui takes
a step further than that, and provides some fascinating functionality for us.
Look at the material ui documentation and find out how to set up the styling system [here](https://mui.com/material-ui/customization/theming/).
JSS: Js to Css compiler. Interesting solution that allows us to write all of our styles withing our component.
Run npm install @material-ui/styles to install the dependencies for styling. 

Visit [the material ui documentation](https://mui.com/material-ui/customization/default-theme/), under 'customization'/'default-theme' 
it is possible to see the default theme object provided by material ui. Right now we are interested in the 'palette' object.
Under the 'common' we normally store the colours. The type would be 'light' or 'dark'.
The primary object would store the primary color of our application. Error object is for displaying error.
The remaining object are option used for material ui figuring out how to balance the color of the test with the
color of the background. Text object provides different opacity depending on the importance of the text on the screen.

First look at the MUI theme system and usage of pallet. Now will look at other part used for styling: this time for styling
text, using ['Typography' component](https://v4.mui.com/customization/typography/). Manages styling for text in the same way pallet does for color system.
Allows customizing each propriety as we need.
We changed the typography in the header component of the text "Arc Development" into h3, with font weight 300.
What if we want to change the style of only this component and not for each that uses the Theme.js file?
That's the "Inline" styling system. 

