[Responsive UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/guides/responsive-ui/) provides a jumping point into all the other responsive design
topics. 
Most important ones to finish up the header are:  
- CSS Media Queries
- useMediaQuery


# Responsive Units Clarification -- Which To Use

These are general guidelines but please still follow along with what you see in the lectures. This is just for your own information when working on your own new projects.



1. em - static responsive unit based on parent element font size. If parent element fontSize: 8px then child element 1em = 8px.

Because 'em' units don't always refer to the same value (if you change one element's fontSize then its children will have a different em value) I have actually started avoiding their use.

2. rem - static responsive unit based on page font size. If HTML fontSize: 8px then 1rem = 8px.

'rem' units always refer to the page font size. This means it will always provide a consistent value wherever used in your application. This has made 'rem' my unit of choice for almost all values: fontSize, margin, padding, width/height, etc. Use 'rem' when you want to define an explicit value, like width: 5rem. This will compute a fixed px value corresponding to 5 * page fontSize, so as you change the size of the window the width will not change, however what makes it responsive is when it is loaded on smaller screens the value computed will be proportional.

3. % -  fluid responsive unit based on parent element dimensions. This value constantly changes the underlying px value returned to maintain the specified percentage. As the screen size changes this unit changes in realtime maintaining proportions.

You want to use '%' when you want the value to change in realtime as the size of the window changes. So a width: 100% will always span the entire width of the available space, regardless of actual px values. This allows you to define fluid elements with relative sizes.

4. px - standard fixed unit. Other units calculate and return respective px values.  1px = 1/96th of 1in

The 'px' unit should only be used when you want a very explicit value regardless of screen size. This can sometimes be helpful for spacing certain items, but in practice, I try to avoid it and use 'rem' instead.